
I paid a lot more for this one now, like because they based it on per client.
So every client is like eighteen dollars more.
So every even though I get more clients, it just keeps going up.
It's like, I was paid ten thousand a month for this reporting.
But it saves you so much time.
So I used to probably spend my first week of the month
just putting data in Excel sheets.
And now I can pump out and send out those ports to people like within
the second day of the month.
So it just like opens up my time.
It's actually worth the ten thousand and kind of for me.
But I was like, if I could, if I if I was like a no-braider,
I would build this and pay all the pay all the usage fees, but not.
Because then, you know, for me.
OK, so let's go through like what do you how do you use this?
How do you use it?
Like, so I get like a report per client.
Yeah. So basically, like most clients are very, are very similar.
I haven't actually built a template report.
So it just looks like this.
I get a new client. I run Google ads for them.
I pretty much import my template now that I bought.
And. I think going slowly recently,
I build a report, I don't even use all these other dashboards.
Right. So you use one specific like piece of agency analytics, right?
Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying.
Like, I don't need all of this.
It's actually just one part of it.
And I don't need all the connections.
And then so the trick is like.
And then I don't really think you could find a way to make it work.
If you can almost just build one.
The first MVP is like one standard report that we that's the same for everyone.
And then I just use I could just use it for everyone that fits that like template.
Yeah. And then I could just keep agency analytics for the more complicated clients
that have extra stuff on it and still reduce my cost.
What's the base cost of agency analytics before you add clients?
Right.
So I pay one hundred seventy nine dollars a month for 10 clients.
And then I pay now eight dollars, I pay 18, but 20.
I've got another I've got.
I don't know how many I have. OK, cool.
But I've got at least 20, I'd say, clients.
Because I'm paying almost 10, that's probably four hundred dollars. Yeah.
Yeah. So, yeah, I could be I think I could like live on the 10
of just my more complicated clients. Yeah.
And all the other simple ones I just keep on on like the very standard templates.
So it's just a report like this table of contents.
I'm not even that worried about the table of contents.
And this is Google ads.
So it obviously is fetching the Google ads data out of Google ads.
My Google ads accounts.
It has the impressions of the ads.
It clicks on the ads.
This is this is this is your site.
This is on the storyteller, essentially.
This is on a client of mine called EasyDocs.
OK, fine. Yeah.
So the impressions clicks, the click through rate,
the average cost per click, the conversions, the conversion rate,
the amount of budget I spent.
And this is some info on a campaign like that's just the same info laid out.
Like sometimes there's more than one campaign that splits out.
This is these clients.
We have more than one account for them for a certain reason.
So that's the same thing.
But, yeah, we wouldn't have to have to just you just have one Google ads
and then one Google Analytics.
So the Google Analytics then collects the sessions.
These things go key events,
page views.
I mean, even this stuff is more that it comes in.
I care about sessions, total users.
This like circle that shows like which channel brings in the people.
Yeah. And this is active users.
This is that. And then these things are quite important.
It shows you basically these are events that are built in Google Analytics
that then we measure as like the goals of campaigns.
So someone completed a thank you form or click your WhatsApp button
or contact us clicks.
So this is the same thing.
And they've got they've got three sites.
I'll try to find a different client who also does.
And so and so the standard your standard client,
the report is Google ads, Google Analytics.
And that's and rank tracking.
So I'll try to find.
Now, there's no get into kind.
They have multiple sites, too, but it is probably
they are integrated as well.
So I do actually have an app.
So I probably will keep indicate
as a client on agency because they sometimes want the six month report
and indicate like different reports.
That is just easy for me to call.
And what's what's the what's the cadence of these?
The normal report once a month or what? Yeah, once a month.
Yeah. So they just have a Google Analytics.
Same thing compares last months or last periods.
So when you send this to people, is it a live report that they go online
or is it like a year or how do they consume it?
There's an option for that.
But all I care about is a printable that they're like.
So I send it as an email.
It looks like this.
I do send the email, but I have a schedule that does it for me
if I want to auto send it.
So I just say what time frame to to collect it on.
And then it has an email.
And there's a user.
They hit the button to view report, but have one client.
You can't do it like having it as a PDF attachment
would be like almost better than what it is now.
So they can just get the PDF attachments.
OK, so you don't care about live interaction on the charts
like the line.
I don't. Yeah, I don't.
Even if I like, you know, these guys, they've got like a whole presenting option.
I just present that on my screen in a call just like this.
I don't let them go like move around and change dates and stuff.
They just get a monthly report. Yeah.
But what if they what?
What if they OK, just theoretically, just could you just go down this path?
If what if you're presenting these charts or they're looking at the charts
and they're like, oh, there was a dip and they want to know, like,
what did it dip to or whatever?
And you like you can't easily determine that just by eyeballing it.
Like is that I just go to Google Analytics. OK, all right, cool.
Yeah, I just pull up the actual Google Analytics and look at it there.
This is and this is the Google ads for like Intercape like that.
So the same thing I can see is like different campaigns.
So then it has each a conversion rate and things like that.
And then this is the rank tracker.
So this is if I do SEO for a client, then we track their keywords.
And it's pretty much just like the ranking, the change from the previous month.
There's being better and in the volume.
I don't really care about being I mean, care about these things.
Those are just I don't even care about those that much.
They're just there.
And then some of my clients, this is more I probably wouldn't do it either.
They're like they have.
It's not that important. They have.
They have a shopper shopper fire integration.
There's probably more admin trying to sort out than what it's worth.
And so it's all the same.
And then there's a shopper fire
thing that just grabs information out of shopper fire.
But in order for this to work, we actually have to day shop
like this agency analytics as an app that they that you authorize in shopper
fire and is able to send them the thing.
So I think there's a way to complicate it.
And I don't really need it.
Yeah. And it'd be cool.
Like the goal, I think, like if you could build, if we could build something
just for like my standard, rather than more Google ads clients,
you spend below twenty thousand around a month.
And all it is really like Google Analytics, Google Ads and maybe rank tracking.
Those three things. That's all I need, really.
Yeah, I think this is doable.
Now, what I'm wondering is like, OK, so frequency is is
once a month, you want to have these reports.
So like an ideal conditions, the querying for this data is once a month.
That's the case. Right.
Yeah. Ideally, once a month, but it'd probably be useful to be able to like
make a call at our course and and be able to select your time range.
Yeah. And then.
OK. How many are you?
How many of these like are you anticipating?
It's like how many clients per month?
And how long do you want the data to be retained?
Or do you imagine a day like do you want data going back once a month to like?
Five years ago or like, you know, no, like I guess
all I really want is maybe up to a year so you could compare
last this January to last January.
If I had it any further, then I can just do it in Google Analytics.
So then if you want, if if like, let's say we both this and you
you you want the ability then to also query that scenario
to say, I want to look at last year, January versus this year.
Uh, a little bit.
It's more that like you could show comparison so that you could take
like, I don't know if you saw it says like this is the sessions
that 10 percent more than January last year.
OK. But you obviously have to have that data to make that comparison.
Yeah. And how
do you know the cost of the course?
Are they quite low? Are they zero?
Uh, so that's the other trick, the trickiest thing, actually, I think.
Well, I think you you just have to like create a Google Cloud project
and pay the Google Cloud fees.
And I think the Google Cloud fees will actually not be that much.
The hardest part will be.
So I actually looked at it a while ago because like, oh, maybe I can build
like a cool Google Ads tool and I think they'll give you access,
but you actually have to motivate for it.
So I found it where you apply to get your API into the Google Ads API
and you need to write them a message and just say like, I'm building this.
But you can just say, I'm building a reporting platform for a software agency.
And then I'm pretty sure they'll be like, cool, here's your thing.
And then you have to have a Google Cloud project and then they'll charge you on that.
And I think you'd probably be cheaper than this.
So, for instance, this one.
Keyword data comes out of.
So, yeah, I mean, they charge.
I can get keyword data out of Google Ads for search volume.
That's what I'm using for the search volume for my tool I've already built.
So they actually just use the same thing.
So whatever it is, it's cheaper than they charging me.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Yes. And how do you set up a new client?
Like, what is it like?
Do you how do you handle, you know, setting up a new client with?
With basically like, how do you get their Google data?
Yeah, so the way it works is I have access through my accounts that I've connected here.
So. I'm just trying to think the best way to show you.
I can just show you for random.
Let's see what happens.
So, like.
I do this, I can choose a template.
I don't have a template for that.
Then that I don't use any of these.
And I say add.
Hopefully it doesn't say I need more credit.
What's going on?
Oh, yeah, so it adds a client like that.
That's here.
I just get a screenshot, obviously, of my home page.
Then I go into this kind of client dashboard and I go to data sources.
And then I can connect data source.
So these are all the things that they have a lot of options.
But I don't need like it, like I don't need five percent of these things.
It's just Google ads.
So I say I go to Google Analytics is the most.
So I click Google Analytics.
And then these are the accounts that I've connected into.
And a Linux agency, which basically with the Google or I don't know if that makes sense.
You they've authorized you to.
So I have access, for instance, this is my Google Analytics account.
These are all Google Analytics accounts that I granted access to as an administrator.
They've granted you access.
How would I access this information?
Would I be under your account essentially?
Well, the way they do it is they.
Have you ever seen one of those things, you know, about like you can sign into your accounts as Google?
Yes. They do a similar thing to that.
Like I. I say, well, yeah, you can just do it like this.
Connect to Google account.
This thing pops up. I choose which account I want to use.
So like the other ones are probably connected, really.
And then it just says Google allowed to access info about you.
So I say continue.
And then it chooses which like this.
It tells me which like
that your client, how do your clients, where they go, like to authorize you.
So I've been authorized on their account in a different place,
like in Google Analytics and account management.
This is what you tell them to do.
Yeah. So you can see Storyteller dot SEO at Gmail dot com as access to this account.
At a certain level of administration level to the thing,
and then I can access and do a certain number of things.
And then what they are doing, they're just allowing their software
to look through Storyteller dot SEO Gmail at my Google Analytics account and get all that data.
I guess what I'm saying is the the the method for me.
The method for this software to do it would use.
I would have I would assume an API key from your Google account.
Yeah, pretty much.
So you don't have to worry about my my client's access.
Like I just talked to them and they manually give me access.
All with this, you have to connect the software you make
and allow a look through through the Google API to Google Analytics,
using the accounts authorization for Gmail account for Google account.
So for like Storyteller SEO at Gmail dot com.
Yeah, I think that I think, yeah, it would be a count through yours.
And then you only get to see the data from the accounts
that have been authorized on that account.
Yeah, absolutely.
OK, cool. I'm.
I'm definitely interested in like I'm going to at least like do some thinking
and understand the kind of like what I would build
the requirements, the sticking points on on this one, on the reporting one.
I understand, like, you know, the first kind of MVP
would be Google Analytics and then and then Google Ads and then
the ranking one.
This recording, I can see the kind of like charts and stuff and data.
It'd be good if like, I don't know if there's any information you can send me.
So like one would be like, could you send me a report or an example report? Yeah.
Yeah, a live one would be if I can access one that like
I can actually see the HTML would be kind of helpful,
but a PDF of what you want as well is available.
What else is there anything else around this that we haven't talked about
that you haven't mentioned that you think is important?
Not really.
That like I don't think we're trying to build.
You'll be trying to necessarily build this exact thing
because it's very complicated.
Like, you know, they've built a whole reports build.
So I don't think you should necessarily do that.
No, I would I would build a thing that allows you to just generate
the standard report. Yeah.
So just it would be a standard report.
So then if at all is that, then not.
Yeah, then it's not like obviously that's super complicated.
Like, because I don't know if you looked at that.
You can know this whole this whole sidebar.
I can click it and I can choose the integrations that I have
worth and then I can go in there.
But that's I think there's so much stuff and I'm not actually interested in that.
I just I just have a very standard report,
which would be exactly what I should hear like Google Analytics, the same data.
And then Google ads,
same data as I have here.
And then maybe the rank tracking, which it would be done through that API.
The only minor complicated thing that's not necessarily standard is.
Is these they call key events in Google Analytics.
So like these things, yeah, if you have a look at this.
I choose the property, but it's usually automated.
So for one client, I can make one.
Account that's allocated to it, so it knows which, you know,
it's not just storyteller is here.
It has to go storyteller is here and then easy doctors to see other data, for instance.
Right. And then it's the metric I'm looking for is the key events.
And then I go here and I choose which key event to to look for.
And then it pulls through all the key events
that are shown that I've created in Google Analytics.
And then I just choose the one.
So that would probably you would probably have to that.
I would have to be able to somehow choose which key event to show in each one
and then generate a new one. I said, be like, this cloded.
And then choose which key event to show in that graph.
So when you you wouldn't want it to just like automate that.
To show you. The key events that have data.
Yeah, you can do that, too.
Cool. Yeah, I mean, that is so near real.
To your part, I think.
So I'll send you a report, a basic report, one of these, and then
maybe just tell you, you can access it back in because I sent you that invite.
I can access this. Yes. Yeah.
So I don't know if that causes your life.
Yeah, I think that that's fine.
Which account is like the best for me to look at?
And it's a do you have an account that I can mess with?
That's like you don't mind me clicking on things.
So there's a I've left a client one that is very confusing.
I can make another one. I can make a secret Africa one for you.
Yeah. And then you can mess around with that one.
I think that's very cool. Yeah.
So I'll do that. I'll make I'll make the standard one in secret.
I don't rank Google ads, but.
Maybe I'll make one for Storyteller.
Because I run ads for story.
So you have Google Analytics data for Storyteller, Google ads data
and some ranking data so that you can see the three main things.
OK, awesome. Thanks.
Cool. Well, yeah, I mean, yeah, just to see how you feel.
Yeah, it's a pretty big project.
Maybe you need to focus on getting it.
I don't know. I'll see.
Look, I look I want to do some coding.
I want to do a little coding at least every day.
That's my aim. And this I want to see how I build this system.
And if the system is like, you know, includes kind of like
back in infrastructure where I have to learn how to do that.
I think that's kind of a bonus for me.
I can imagine this does have some back in infrastructure.
It's definitely like the front end, maybe on the reporting.
But that stuff is kind of easy for me.
So, yeah, I'm basically just going to do a little like thinking exploration
and in how I build the system and what are the requirements and stuff
and then have a better idea this week, like like if it's viable and
and how long it'll take me and stuff.
Well, yeah, what I've actually wondered about that is, you know,
I don't know if they storing they're not getting like a whole because you'll see
if you ever change the date, then you get a spinner on all of the graphs
that show a spinner as it's obviously going, drawing in the information.
But I'm not sure they store it all for long.
They don't storing a year's worth of data.
I don't think I think that's stored.
In Google Analytics, and then they just refer
they're getting it for their reports and saving it for that moment.
Then if you reset it, maybe they get it again. I don't know.
Yeah, so that's the other thing, actually, I was going to ask you.
It's like when you do reports, is it
is it quite
and non-granular in the sense of like, is it the report for January,
the report for February, the report for March?
Or are you doing sliding scale on dates
where it's like you're getting the report from the 13th of March to,
you know, the 14th of April or, you know, what?
The standard is the first to the first, the last month.
Then I think I could do quite a nice thing to store the data.
And then it's like you only query it once if it's like historic.
Yeah, like that's almost what I just do for like a lot of my
just know that standard clients is just like
or base level guys that anyone there's some people.
So then the other thing that this does is it sends the report
automatically to them if I want to.
So there's some clients I know that like
they don't really want to have a meeting with me.
They just want to get a report
and know that someone's looking after the Google ads.
I send it to them.
My invoice automatically sends to them and they pay my invoice.
And I'm like, cool, I don't even talk to them.
I just run the ads.
And then next month, they get a report and the automated invoice
because zero says my invoice.
I've sent a recurring thing and they get an invoice.
And like, cool, as long as their business is doing well,
they just pay the invoice.
And then later, like these amazing clients that are like,
I don't even talk to them really.
I sometimes worry like, oh, like over time, they might disappear.
But it's actually not a problem because
as long as I'm doing the work for them
and their business is growing, they're chilled.
It's if they're like they see a dip or something,
then they're like, oh, this is happening.
And then we dive in deeper.
Yeah.
So like, I think the main goal, if we did it,
it would be like, say, I clear out 10 of the 24 clients
that are in here and then just leave the rest
that are like more complicated reports.
Yeah, yeah. Makes sense.
Sweet. OK.
All right. I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Yeah.
See you. Are you running?
So we're swimming at like 7.20.
Yeah, let's do 7.20 swimming.
OK, cool. Check it out.
Cheers, Alex.
Thanks, man. Ciao.
